Why work for someone like Wang Zhigang?
I have seen the information.
Murder, arson
Wages arrears
Collaboration with evil forces
Said to be a scum.
I heard what you said.
But it has nothing to do with me.
I just do serious things on his face.
That's all.
Is the company's executive eloquence
Forget it, I told you these things are useless too.
In short, I have to do this well.
If not
If not the company
I...
Excuse me, I went to the wrong door.
Come on, I'm going.
There is no need to be so rigid.
I'm a little hungry.
Help me make some rice.
What's up today?
I thought so.
I still don't live here.
I didn't say you were too good, afraid it would affect you.
Does it hurt again?